Questions for 8:
Which of the following is not true about unit testing?
   a) It is recommended to write unit tests before implementing a module or class
   b) They are part of white-box testing
   c) A unit test, tests multiple modules across the application
   d) It is recommended to write unit tests before implementing a module or class.
   Answer: c)

Which of the following is true about top-down testing?
   a) It begins with the modules that do not call other modules
   b) A module can be tested as soon as all the modules that it calls are tested
   c) A module can be tested as soon as their calling module is tested
   d) None of the above
   Answer: c)

Which of the following is true about bottom-up testing?
   a) It begins with the modules that do not call other modules
   b) A module can be tested as soon as all the modules that it calls are tested
   c) There are usually multiple choices of which module to test next
   d) All of the above
   Answer: d)

Which of the following can be possible explanations when a module’s actual results do not match the expected results?
	i. The module contains an error.
	ii. The expected result contains an error
	iii . The calling module contains an error
   a) i only
   b) i and ii
   c) ii and iii
   d) i and iii
   Answer: b)

Which of the following must be performed during regression testing?
   a) Rerun the test cases that revealed a defect.
   b) Rerun the test cases that are related to a defect.
   c) Rerun the test cases that might be logically be affected by the changes made to fix a defect.
   d) All of the above
   Answer: d)
Questions for 12: 

Which of the following is not true about agile testing about agile development and testing?
   a) They do not rely on customer involvement
   b) They have short, iterative development and testing cycles
   c) Scrum is an agile development methodology
   d) None of the above
   Answer: a)

Which of the following is/are part of agile testing?
	i. Collaborative testing across different modules and teams.
 	ii. Developers run unit tests after every incremental code change that they make
	iii. Unit tests are made before the code to pass the tests is made
   a) i and ii
   b) ii and iii
   c) i and iii
   d) i, ii and iii
   Answer: d)

Which of the following is not a part of Agile acceptance testing?
   a) A developer and customer create acceptance tests during the design phase.
   b) Customers conduct the acceptance tests
   c) After a certain bug is fixed, the programmer reruns the acceptance tests
   d) It is a form of regression testing
Answer: c)

Which of the following are considered a part of agile testing?
   a) Usability tests
   b) Unit tests
   c) Component tests
   d) All of the above
   Answer: d)

